readme.md, before:

# Hello Folks <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="25px">

I’m **Nick Bwalley**, a Software Engineer with 5 years of experience building scalable SaaS and enterprise systems, and an AI Engineer with 3 years focused on designing AI agents, retrieval-augmented applications, and workflow automation. I develop intelligent, autonomous systems that integrate with business tools, eliminate repetitive processes, and enable teams to operate more efficiently using modern full-stack architectures, low/no-code automation platforms, and production-ready AI infrastructure.

## 🏢 My Company
🔗 Check out our **Company Website:** [agentible.dev](https://agentible.dev)
👉 Follow our **Company Page**: [agentible.dev](https://linkedin.com/company/agentible) 
😊 Follow my **LinkedIn Page**: [nickbwalley](https://linkedin.com/in/nickbwalley)

## 🧩 View My Services  
🔗 **Portfolio:** [nickbwalley.vercel.app](https://nickbwalley.vercel.app)

⭐ *Always learning. Always building. Always shipping intelligent automation solutions.*  

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NickBwalley&color=blue)

## 💻 My Tech Stack Expertise

<div align="center">

  <!-- 🌐 Frontend -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nextdotjs/000000" width="50" title="Next.js"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/react/61DAFB" width="50" title="React"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/tailwindcss/06B6D4" width="50" title="TailwindCSS"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/vercel/000000" width="50" title="Vercel"/>

  <!-- ⚙️ Backend -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nodedotjs/339933" width="50" title="Node.js"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/express/000000" width="50" title="ExpressJS"/>

  <!-- 🗄️ Databases -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mongodb/47A248" width="50" title="MongoDB"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/postgresql/4169E1" width="50" title="PostgreSQL"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/supabase/3FCF8E" width="50" title="Supabase"/>

  <!-- 🤖 AI & SDKs -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/openai/412991" width="50" title="OpenAI"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/docker/2496ED" width="50" title="Docker"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Anthropic_Claude-000000?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" height="40" title="Anthropic Claude"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-0E76A8?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" height="40" title="LangChain"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AI--SDK-FF6B6B?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white" height="40" title="AI SDK"/>

  <!-- 🛠️ Dev Tools -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor_IDE-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white" height="40" title="Cursor IDE"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Resend-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=maildotru&logoColor=white" height="40" title="Resend"/>

</div>

## 📊 My GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/NickBwalley/github-readme-streak-stats">
    <img alt="Nick Bwalley's GitHub streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=NickBwalley&theme=black-ice&hide_border=false&stroke=0000&background=1c041c"/>
  </a>
</p>
<div align="center">

  <a href="https://github.com/NickBwalley/github-readme-stats">
    <img alt="Nick Bwalley's Top Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NickBwalley&langs_count=8&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=false&bg_color=1c041c" height="200"/>
  </a>

  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NickBwalley&show_icons=true&theme=react&hide_border=false&bg_color=1c041c" alt="Nick Bwalley's GitHub Stats" height="200"/>

</div>
<!-- Animated Coding GIF -->
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Coding GIF" src="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/abhisheknaiidu/blob/master/code.gif?raw=true" width="420" height="300"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README with updated bio and company details
Updated personal introduction and company information in README.

readme.md, after:

# Hello Folks <img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="25px">

I’m Nick Bwalley, an AI Engineer specializing in AI agents, retrieval-augmented generation (RAG)systems, and workflow automation that power intelligent, self-operating business processes. Over the past 6 years, I’ve focused on building autonomous solutions that integrate with real-world tools, reduce manual work, and improve operational efficiency. Having worked as a Software Engineer for 5 years developing scalable SaaS and enterprise systems, I founded Agentible, a company that partners with B2B SaaS organizations to deliver AI-driven SDR and RevOps automation for both SMB and enterprise environments. Follow our pages below to get more updates.

## 🏢 My Company
🔗 Check out our **Company Website:** [agentible.dev](https://agentible.dev)
👉 Follow our **Company Page**: [agentible.dev](https://linkedin.com/company/agentible) 
😊 Follow my **LinkedIn Page**: [nickbwalley](https://linkedin.com/in/nickbwalley)

## 🧩 View My Services  
🔗 **Portfolio:** [nickbwalley.vercel.app](https://nickbwalley.vercel.app)

⭐ *Always learning. Always providing value. Always shipping intelligent AI solutions to address complex business needs.*  

![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=NickBwalley&color=blue)

## 💻 My Tech Stack Expertise

<div align="center">

  <!-- 🌐 Frontend -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nextdotjs/000000" width="50" title="Next.js"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/react/61DAFB" width="50" title="React"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/tailwindcss/06B6D4" width="50" title="TailwindCSS"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/vercel/000000" width="50" title="Vercel"/>

  <!-- ⚙️ Backend -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/nodedotjs/339933" width="50" title="Node.js"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/express/000000" width="50" title="ExpressJS"/>

  <!-- 🗄️ Databases -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/mongodb/47A248" width="50" title="MongoDB"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/postgresql/4169E1" width="50" title="PostgreSQL"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/supabase/3FCF8E" width="50" title="Supabase"/>

  <!-- 🤖 AI & SDKs -->
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/openai/412991" width="50" title="OpenAI"/>
  <img src="https://cdn.simpleicons.org/docker/2496ED" width="50" title="Docker"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Anthropic_Claude-000000?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=white" height="40" title="Anthropic Claude"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LangChain-0E76A8?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white" height="40" title="LangChain"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AI--SDK-FF6B6B?style=for-the-badge&logo=openai&logoColor=white" height="40" title="AI SDK"/>

  <!-- 🛠️ Dev Tools -->
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cursor_IDE-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=visualstudiocode&logoColor=white" height="40" title="Cursor IDE"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Resend-FF4B4B?style=for-the-badge&logo=maildotru&logoColor=white" height="40" title="Resend"/>

</div>

## 📊 My GitHub Stats

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/NickBwalley/github-readme-streak-stats">
    <img alt="Nick Bwalley's GitHub streak" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=NickBwalley&theme=black-ice&hide_border=false&stroke=0000&background=1c041c"/>
  </a>
</p>
<div align="center">

  <a href="https://github.com/NickBwalley/github-readme-stats">
    <img alt="Nick Bwalley's Top Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=NickBwalley&langs_count=8&count_private=true&layout=compact&theme=react&hide_border=false&bg_color=1c041c" height="200"/>
  </a>

  <img src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=NickBwalley&show_icons=true&theme=react&hide_border=false&bg_color=1c041c" alt="Nick Bwalley's GitHub Stats" height="200"/>

</div>
<!-- Animated Coding GIF -->
<p align="center">
  <img alt="Coding GIF" src="https://github.com/abhisheknaiidu/abhisheknaiidu/blob/master/code.gif?raw=true" width="420" height="300"/>
</p>
